---
title: "Jail"
date: "2014 - Oct"
img_path: "https://images.squarespace-cdn.com/content/v1/53667a41e4b0e77173cb3dd1/1412397324219-V0T3JW9OX2IIF9X7U92R/image.jpg"
description: "Yesterday was my day off"

---

# JAIL

## Yesterday was my day off
At first I didn't know what to do. I was sick so I walked the neighborhood and looked around for cold medicine. I bought a projector online then went and bought some video games in lower East Manhattan. Arjun met me there and we went and had some drinks in the financial district after my meeting. After that I did some light yoga, first time in a long time and it was very grounding. I felt good. After that we went to coyote ugly from the movies. We met some Europeans on vacation and a local lower Eastside are named Mitch he was wearing sunglasses the entire time. It got expensive so we decided to grab some drinks and head to the park. We drank and talked girls back-and-forth for about an hour. Arjun kept wondering why there are taxis driving down the waterfront strip and I knew that they were undercover cops. To came our way and they stopped us they searched everything we had and took us straight to jail. We went to bookings with no shoes on with the little Chinese man who is 70 years old he was stopped for pissing. We watch the cops watch the matrix and cracked jokes until 5 AM. Once they let us out we went to McDonald's and I had 2 mcgriddles but left one on the bench. We took the train home while everybody headed to work in the morning.
